Review abstracts in Admin (#5003)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_removing-a-user-group.adoc

= Removing a user group

[role="_abstract"]

> Remove a user group from {Project} when it is no longer needed or when you want to reorganize how permissions are assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove a user group from {Project} when you no longer need it or when you want to reorganize how permissions are assigned.
```

In the file above, you also phrased it "when you no longer need it" which feels more active (vs passive 'is no longer neeeded')".

Your call.
